# advice

1. It is advisable to do ...
2. Please feel free to contact me if you have any question./Please feel free to contact me when you need help.

# apology
1. I am writing this letter for the purpose of making apology since I am afraid that I won't be able to pick you up at the airport as I originally planed.
2. You know that I have been exceedingly busy this half year because I almost allocated all of my time to prepare for the entrance examination, which is of great significance to me.
3. Owing to my carelessness.
4. I did not notice that ... until this moment.
5. I have to express my apologies and sorry for any inconvenience I may cause.
6. I will show you around ... to compensate for my carelessness.

# application
introduce yourself + purpose
why you are qualified + your intention
shou your attitude
1. be exceedingly interested in
2. I am writing this letter for the purpose of apply for the ...
3. I am convinced that I am qualified/suitable for the position ...
4. It is ... that enabled me to ...
5. accumulate adequate knowledge of ...
6. If I have the opportunity to ..., I will do my utmost to fulfill the duties.

# recommendation
1. China is characterized by the time-honored/famous festivals...
2. I deem that it is advisable to ...

# notice 
format: notice/announcement date signature
1. This notice is for the purpose of ...
2. The party is scheduled to begin at 7:00 pm on Dec 27th, in the center of Students' activities, which will last for approximately 2 hours.
3. First, the party is characterized by its variety of activities.
4. arouse the passion
5. We are looking forward to your participation.
6. The activity is fast approaching, and your attendance is crucial.

# appreciation
1. I am so excited to tell you that ...
2. It was ... that enabled me to ...
3. brought me confidence and aroused my passion.
4. Words can hardly express my excitement.
5. I have to express my appreciation again.

